This is the Heartbreak Hotel
This is the Heartbreak Hotel
This is the Heartbreak Hotel
This is the Heartbreak Hotel (Oh)
This is the Heartbreak Hotel
This is the Heartbreak Hotel
This is the Heartbreak Hotel (Yeah, oh, yeah)
This is the Heartbreak Hotel

You said you'd be here by nine
Instead, you took your time
You didn't think to call me, boy
Here I sit, trying not to cry
Asking myself why you do this to me
Mm, oh, baby

Since you're not around for me to tell you, baby, face to face
I'm writing you this letter and this is what I have to say

All I really wanted was some of your time
Instead, you told me lies when someone else was on your mind
What'd you do to me? (What'd you do?)
Look what you did to me (Oh, baby)
I thought that you were someone who would do me right (Do me right)
Until you played with my emotions and you made me cry (Made me cry)
What'd you do to me? (Oh, oh)
Can't take what you did to me

Now, I see that you've been doing wrong
Played me all along
And made a fool of me, baby, uh
You got it all wrong to think that I wouldn't find out, uh
That you were cheating on me, baby
How could you do it to me? Mm, oh, babe

Since you're not around for me to tell you, baby, face to face (Mmm, mmm)
I'm writing you this letter and this is what I have to say, oh

All I really wanted was some of your time
Instead, you told me lies when someone else was on your mind
What'd you do to me? (All you did was lie to me, baby)
Look what you did to me (Can't believe what you did to me, yeah, yeah)
I thought that you were someone who would do me right (Ooh, oh)
Until you played with my emotions and you made me cry
What'd you do to me? (Why'd you do it?)
Can't take what you did to me (You didn't have to do it to me, baby)

Heartbreak Hotel (Ooh, oh, oh)
This is the Heartbreak Hotel (Oh, oh, woo, woah, woah)
This is the Heartbreak Hotel (Woah, no)
This is the Heartbreak Hotel (Ooh, now)
This is the Heartbreak Hotel (Uh-huh, this is the heartbreak)
This is the Heartbreak Hotel (Welcome to the heartbreak)
This is the Heartbreak Hotel (Why, why, why, why'd you do it? Yeah, yeah)
This is the Heartbreak Hotel (All I wanted)

All I really wanted was some of your time (Oh, baby)
Instead, you told me lies when someone else was on your mind
What'd you do to me? (All I really wanted, no)
Look what you did to me (It's all I really wanted, baby)
I thought that you were someone who would do me right (You did me wrong)
Until you played with my emotions and you made me cry (Can't take it no more)
What'd you do to me?
Can't take what you did to me (I wanted your love)
All I really wanted was some of your time (All I'd really want)
Instead, you told me lies when someone else was on your mind (But you told me lies)
What'd you do to me? (Do to me, baby, do me right, can't take it no more)
Look what you did to me (Why did you do me that way?)
I thought that you were someone who would do me right (Thought you'd do me right)
Until you played with my emotions and you made me cry (But you made me cry)
What'd you do to me? (Oh, woah, woah)
Can't take what you did to me (I ain't gon' take it, I ain't gon' take it no more)

I ain't gon' take it, boy (Yeah, mmm)
I ain't gon' take it no more
Oh, everything that you said was a lie
Don't lie to me
Tell me what it is and then I will be alright